If you're into Infinity Q50s and you
follow car builds on Instagram, check me
out. It's VQ50 on Instagram. All right,
let's get to the video. So, frequently
on Instagram and on YouTube, whenever I
happen to feature my top screen showing
video, I get a lot of questions around
how do you do that? How'd you get that
to happen? So, in this video, I'm going
to let the cat out of the bag and show
you which product I'm using to make it
happen. Make sure you stick around till
the end cuz at the end of this video, I
will share the secret menu that's
included with this product that enables
video while driving. Sit tight. So, if
you're seeing this video and you're
anything like me, you probably find the
two screen infotainment system in the
Q50 a bit subpar, especially when you
compare it to other, you know,
entry-level luxury vehicles. The two
screens, they aren't even the same
resolution, and the top screen doesn't
really offer any functionality outside
of a clock. like you might get the the
title if you're playing Bluetooth audio,
but other than that, it's it's basically
useless. And I knew this going into it,
you know, when I bought the vehicle. So,
I made sure that I bought a 2015 and up
Infiniti Q50 because it's the only one
that will support these aftermarket
systems. So, I actually experimented
with a couple units, but the one that I
landed on, the one that worked out best
for me was smart auto kits. So, this
unit is awesome and enables video,
YouTube, Android Auto, and Apple
CarPlay.
It's fully plug-and-play, and it works
perfectly with your steering wheel
controls as well as the infotainment
controls in your center console. Of
course, check the link in the
description below. I linked you right to
it so you know exactly which product to
get.
All right, so from the factory, this
unit will have video while driving
disabled.
to enable it. In the main menu, you'll
click settings factory and type 1 630
and hit the check mark and that will
take you to the secret menu. In that
secret menu, there's an option called
video driving or driving video. You want
that set to on and that will enable the
video to continue playing after you put
the vehicle in drive.
That's pretty much it, y'all. So, I love
this mod. But I love this unit by Smart
Auto Kits. If you're considering it,
don't hesitate. Just go out and get it.
Um, if this video is helpful for you,
please consider liking and subscribing.
I'm
[Music]